#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\makeatother
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Performance Report on EC2 Instances for Memory Operations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Vineet Kumar, Phuc Xuan Nguyen
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
RAM Access Time
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
RAM Bandwidth
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Page Fault Service Time :
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
a) Prediction :-
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
b) Expermiment :- Our aim is to measure the page fault service time.
 This means we want to measure the time it takes to do a major page fault.
 This includes the time needed to bring the page from the disk.
 We use an mmap (followed by no read aheads) to measure the same.
 This works as mmap does a on demand page fault.
 Page is faulted in only on first access.
 Below is a detailed description of our experiment :
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Create a Large File ( > 1.5 G) using a simple dd tool
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Call a posix_fadvise with flag FADVISE_DONTNEED.
 We do this to make sure that a page is always brought in from the disk
 and not cached.
 This is equivalent of dropping the page cache (by calling echo 1 > /proc/sys/vm
/drop_cache) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
